Add turnstile (#42)
digitalbazaar/bedrock-account-http: CHANGELOG.md

# bedrock-account-http ChangeLog

## 7.1.0 - 2023-09-xx

### Added

> - Add optional value `token` for captcha when registering an account.
>   This uses the Cloudflare Turnstile service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add optional `authorization` value when registering an account and
  define first instance of it that uses a captcha via the Cloudflare
  Turnstile service.
```
